readme.md, before:

run  
cd StarGame/desktop/build/libs/  
java -jar desktop-1.0.jar  



A D - rotate ship  
W S - throttle level controls  
Space - push-to-max throttle (better use this)  

LMB - fire cannon shell  
RMB - launch self-guided missiles (position mouse cursor on top to fire at desired target)  

// ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Ship hull will destroyed in 3 shell hit, but slowly auto-repairing
so 4 needed to be sure.

Missile kill ship in one hit.

Minigun is auto-firing at close target (act as close-in weapon system (point-defence))  
Most time bringing targets down but may miss on simultaneous incoming missiles from different directions).

Anti-missile system also help agains inbound missiles on long range.  

Green curve - you trajectory in planet gravity force.  
Blue curve - you shell trajectory in planet gravity force.

Force shield can repulse several (~5) hit by shell. It's slowly regenerating to full charge.

// -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Difficulty levels  

Set one that fit you skill in StarGame/desktop/build/libs/config.ini  

1 - NEVER PLAYED  
2 - NOVICE  
3 - EXPERIENCED  
4 - SPECIALIST  
5 - IMPERIAL NAVY LIEUTENANT  
6 - IMPERIAL NAVY LORD-CAPITAN  

Code need refactoring, etc., but better if it was written in C++ to avoid using buffer objects for Vector2,
GC related things, so i give up on it.

Commit message:

Recolor force shield. Nerfing minigun and anti-missile agains enemy ships. Fix anti-missile guiding
Former-commit-id: 0997df39659263622ae14ff4c9526f74210929ed

readme.md, after:

run  
cd StarGame/desktop/build/libs/  
java -jar desktop-1.0.jar  



A D - rotate ship ( + SHIFT to slow down rotation)
W S - throttle level controls  
Space - push-to-max throttle (better use this)  

LMB - fire cannon shell  
RMB - launch self-guided missiles (position mouse cursor on top to fire at desired target)  

// ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Ship hull will destroyed in 3 shell hit, but slowly auto-repairing
so 4 needed to be sure.

Missile kill ship in one hit.

Minigun is auto-firing at close target (act as close-in weapon system (point-defence))  
Most time bringing targets down but may miss on simultaneous incoming missiles from different directions).

Anti-missile system also help against inbound missiles on long range.

Green curve - you trajectory in planet gravity force.  
Blue curve - you shell trajectory in planet gravity force.

Force shield can repulse several (~5) tangent hit
or ~2 direct hit (fired from enemy ship flying towards you) by shell.
It's slowly regenerating to full charge, changing self colour.

// -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Difficulty levels  

Set one that fit you skill in StarGame/desktop/build/libs/config.ini  

1 - NEVER PLAYED  
2 - NOVICE  
3 - EXPERIENCED  
4 - SPECIALIST  
5 - IMPERIAL NAVY LIEUTENANT  
6 - IMPERIAL NAVY LORD-CAPITAN  

Code need refactoring, etc., but better if it was written in C++ to avoid using buffer objects for Vector2,
GC related things, so i give up on it.
